
===PAGE 15===
To calculate the forward probability, we need information on the extent to which in-
flation is sluggish. Fortunately, there are traded forward-starting options, but for sub-
periods of our hypothetical period 2. Namely, in the data, there are forward contracts for
annual inflation within our 5-year desired periods. They provide the missing data.
3.1.4 Third adjustment: Actual or physical measure (risk-adjusted) probabilities
Finally, with an estimate of md, we can go from the risk-neutral to the physical probabili-
ties. Importantly, to answer the question in this paper, one does not need a full model of
risk that gives the stochastic discount factor at all states. Only the risk that is correlated
with inflation in disaster times is relevant. Moreover, it is likely that the disaster state
adjustment will be the largest adjustment of the three states.
Imagine then that the main source of variation in the stochastic discount factor is
whether or not there is a consumption disaster. So, md is a function of consumption,
which can either be normal or be in a disaster. Conditional on an inflation disaster, let ˜p
be the conditional probability that there is a consumption disaster as well. Because a con-
sumption disaster is a time of elevated marginal utility, then the ratio of md when there
is a consumption disaster to the marginal utility when there is none—call this ratio ˜m—is
well above 1.
Continuing with the approximation that disasters are small-probability events, so that
the marginal utility without a disaster is approximately equal to the expected one, the
risk-neutral probability is:
q(1) ≈ [( ˜m − 1) ˜p + 1] pd. (3)
Since ˜m > 1, the risk-neutral probability will over-state the probability of an inflation
disaster.
The rare disasters literature has argued that ˜m can be quite large. However, for in-
14

===PAGE 16===
flation, the picture is a bit different. First, the relevant probability is ˜p: that conditional
on an inflation disaster, there is a consumption disaster. This is well below one. There
are many times, especially outside the United States, where inflation has been reasonably
high or low without any sharp fall in economic activity. Second, ˜m, which measures the
marginal utility of both an inflation and a consumption disaster relative to normal times
is on average lower than in a “standard” consumption disaster because, historically, there
are several episodes where an inflation disaster came with only a mild (or no) recession.
Therefore, the adjustment for risk is not as dramatic as the one in the literature on the
equity premium.
What the formula shows is that to calculate the necessary adjustment factor the two
relevant quantities to measure are ˜m and ˜p. Since there is already a well-established liter-
ature measuring them for consumption disasters, and since we have corresponding data
on inflation, combining them provides a path forward to identify the two parameters.
3.2 The theoretical result
This section sets out a general framework and derives the key theoretical result on the
three adjustment factors to go from option prices to the probability of inflation disasters.
3.2.1 Uncertainty about inflation
Inflation is a random variable and has an associated probability distribution p(π).8
8In the Internet Appendix we use a setup that allows for different states of the world s that have the
same level of inflation but differ in other dimensions, for example, consumption.
15

===PAGE 17===
3.2.2 Inflation securities and inflation risk
The nonnegative price in consumption units of an Arrow-Debreu inflation security that
pays one unit of the consumption good if inflation is π at the future date is equal to:
b(π) = p(π)m(π), (4)
where m(π) measures the average marginal utility across states of the world where infla-
tion is the same. Since m(π) varies only with inflation, it has all the information relevant
to assess inflation risk.9
3.2.3 Risk-neutral Q-probabilities
The real risk-free security pays a constant one unit of consumption. The inverse of its
price is er, where r is the real interest rate. Since this security has an identical payoff as
buying one inflation security for each possible value of inflation, it follows that by no-
arbitrage: e−r = ∑π b(π) = ∑π p(π)m(π).10 Defining q(π) = b(π)er, it is nonnegative
and adds to 1 across inflation rates. This is the risk-neutral probability of this inflation
rate.
3.2.4 N-probabilities
In match what is traded in the market, consider a security that pays one nominal unit at
the future state-date. Its price is a(π) = b(π)e−π. Importantly, if inflation is high, this
is lower than that of b(π), because the nominal unit delivered by this security is worth
less in real terms than that of the Arrow-Debreu inflation security. The nominal interest
9With other sources of risk in the economy, m(π) would average across them. The Internet Appendix
generalizes this. This pattern is present in the data: between 2000 and 2020, the U.S. economy went through
booms and busts, but inflation was approximately unchanged.
10Also, as is standard, e−r is the expected SDF or marginal utility of consumption growth.
16

===PAGE 18===
rate i is likewise defined as the inverse of the price of a security that pays one nominal
unit for sure next period e−i = ∑π b(π)e−π. Combining these two, one can define an
N-probability (for “nominal risk-neutral probability”) as n(π) = b(π)ei−π, which is itself
nonnegative and adds up to 1.
3.2.5 Linking Q− and N− probabilities
Let πe = i − r, be the break-even expected inflation. It immediately follows that risk-
neutral and nominal probabilities are related according to:
q(π) = n(π)eπ−πe
. (5)
The Q-probability of average expected inflation coincides with the N-probability. But as
we go towards the tails, away from that average they are increasingly apart.
3.2.6 Time and horizons
Starting from the present, the joint risk-neutral probability density of inflation over the
following T periods, and over the remaining H periods, is q(π0,T, πT,T+H). From the def-
inition of marginal and conditional distributions: q(πT,T+H) = ∑π0,T q(π0,T, πT,T+H) and
q(πT,T+H|π0,T) = q(π0,T, πT,T+H)/q(π0,T). Finally, because of the definition of inflation,
πT,T+HH = πT,T+1 + πT+1,T+2 + ... + πT+H−1,T+H, and there is a joint distribution of
q(πT,T+1, πT+1,T+2, ...,πT+H−1,T+H). Combining all of these probabilities:
q(πT,T+H) = q(π0,T+H) ∑
π0,T
 q(π0,T)
q(π0,T+H) ×
∑
πT,T+1,...,πT+H−1,T+H
q
 
πT,T+1, ...,πT+H−1,T+H|π0,T,
H
∑
j=1
πT+j−1,T+j = πT,T+H
!#
(6)
17

===PAGE 19===
The expression in the bottom line takes into account the persistence of inflation across
successive periods within the interval of time(T, T + H). On the top line is the adjustment
for the sluggishness of inflation over the long horizons.
3.2.7 Final result
Combining all the steps, we get the result as a formula to obtain the desired disaster
probabilities:
Proposition 1. The probabilities of high and low inflation disasters are, respectively:
∑πT,T+H>H( ¯π+d) p(πT,T+H) and ∑πT,T+H<H( ¯π−d) p(πT,T+H), where
p(πT,T+H) = n(πT,T+H)| {z }
Options Data
×

e(πT,T+H−πe
T,T+H)H

| {z }
Real Factor
×

e−rT,T+H Hm(πT,T+H)

| {z }
Risk Factor
× ∑
π0,T
" 
∑
...=πT,T+H
q(πT,T+1, ...,πT+H−1,H|π0,T)
!
q(π0,T)
q(π0,T+H)
#
.
| {z }
Horizon Factor
(7)
4 Data and Empirical Implementation
The empirical implementation of the adjustment factors in proposition 1 requires data
from option prices, a statistical model of the incidence of economic disasters over hori-
zons, and an economic model of the stochastic discount factor when there is an inflation
disaster.
18

===PAGE 20===
4.1 Data on inflation options
There is an active market for U.S. and eurozone inflation options. The same players that
buy and sell nominal and inflation-indexed government bonds, or that trade in the in-
flation swap markets, are often present in these option markets to hedge some of their
positions. Therefore, even though trading volumes will differ, these data are as good as
those behind Figure 1, which are used frequently.11
Price data exist for both call and put options for average inflation between the present
and up to 15 years in the future for strike prices between -2% to 6% with 0.5% jumps. The
typical call security with a strike pricek pays at the future date the difference between the
gross inflation rate (eπ) until that date and the strike price k, if the difference is positive,
or zero otherwise. The price of that option today is a(k).
We use U.S. options data from October 2009 to October 2024 from Bloomberg; for
the eurozone, the sample starts in January 2011. While option prices are available daily,
sometimes the data quality is low. To be conservative, we construct data at the monthly
frequency. We focus on horizons of 5 and 10 years, which are two of the more com-
monly traded markets for these securities. We also compare put-call-parity real rates with
those implied by the inflation swap contracts to confirm that prices are not only consis-
tent within the options market but also across inflation derivative markets. The Internet
Appendix describes how we construct the data.12
11Baumann et al. (2021) and Feldman et al. (2015) describe the use of these options data at the ECB and
the Fed, respectively.
12These options are traded over the counter, so a valid concern is whether inflation disasters are also
times when there is a higher likelihood that the sellers of the options default on their contracts. If so, this
would show up in the price of other options sold by the same intermediaries. While this might have been a
concern at the start of our sample, there is no indication that it is significant for most of the period that we
cover.
19

===PAGE 21===
4.2 Inflation adjustment: Risk-neutral probabilities
Recovering Q-probabilities is just as easy as recovering N-probabilities, as it relies on the
same methods from options pricing, and it should always be done.13
The no-arbitrage pricing condition for traded securities is:14
a(k) = ∑
π

p(π)m(π) max
 eπ − k
eπ , 0

≈
Z ∞
k
eπ − k
eπ

b(π)dπ, (8)
where the approximation comes from assuming a continuum of inflation states and using
the definition of the Arrow-Debreu prices in Equation (4).
Following Breeden and Litzenberger (1978), take derivatives with respect tok recalling
that q(π) = b(π)er:
era′(k) = −
Z ∞
k
e−πq(π)dπ. (9)
Taking another round of derivatives with respect tok, and using the definition of a distri-
bution function Q(π) gives a simple formula to build this distribution:
Q(k) = erka′′(k). (10)
Using this formula provides a way to build the Arrow-Debreu prices directly from the
option prices. The right-hand side can be measured for different strike prices: it is how
sensitive the price of the option is to the strike price. Since these strike prices are them-
selves inflation measures, one can easily build the whole distribution for different gross
inflation k.
How does this connect to theN(.) probabilities conventionally measured? Sincen(π) =
13In the Internet Appendix, we compare our daily N-probabilities with those from KW in the overlap
sample for the U.S. data (October 2009 to April 2013). They are almost identical.
14Note that the payoff of these securities only depends on inflation, not on the entire set of states (see the
Internet Appendix).
20

===PAGE 22===
b(π)ei−π, differentiating Equation (8) with respect to k gives another simple formula to
build this distribution:
N(k) = 1 + eia′(k). (11)
These probabilities are sometimes reported in the financial media, and one could alterna-
tively start from here to get Q(.) by multiplying by eπ−πe
.
This adjustment should always be made. Otherwise, from Equation (4) and the def-
inition of n(.), then n(π) = p(π) only if m(π)ei−π = 1. That is, for the conventionally-
calculated probabilities to match the actual physical probabilities, it must be not only that
there is risk neutrality (m(π)er = 1), but also that π = πe for every realization of π. But
this is only the case if there is no uncertainty about inflation, in which case the exercise
of building a distribution of inflation is not interesting. Instead, from the definition of
q(π) = b(π)er and Equation (4), we have that q(π) = p(π) as long as m(π)er = 1. This
is the case if people are neutral with respect to inflation risk, or if the classical dichotomy
holds, so inflation is uncorrelated with marginal utility. The adjustment is needed be-
cause, even if investors are risk neutral, they still care about receiving a payoff in a high-
inflation state that has lower real value.
4.3 Horizon adjustment: Forward probabilities
Obtaining forward expectations of inflation is straightforward (Figure 1). Starting with
measures of expected inflation between the present and a faraway date, T, and between
the present and a farther-away date T + H, the joint linearity of the expectations oper-
ator and of inflation (as a difference in logs) implies that Eq(πT,T+H) = Eq(π0,T+H) −
Eq(π0,T). Going from probabilities on cumulative inflation to probabilities over a for-
ward period is harder. Proposition 1 shows that more data beyond the two distributions
for cumulative inflation, as well as a model for the time-series properties of inflation as
21

===PAGE 23===
perceived by markets, are required.
4.3.1 Data on forward starting options
There exist markets for forward-dated options at every date that will pay out depending
on the realizations of inflation in πT,T+1. These options are for inflation in one given year,
not on the average over a longer period H > 1, which is our focus.15
The markets in which these trade are less liquid, so we want to be conservative in us-
ing them. In the data, the five distributions covering the 1-year-ahead inflation starting in
5 to 9 years are quite similar almost always. This indicates that a low-order Markov pro-
cess with not too much persistence is an adequate model since, after 5 years, the marginal
risk-adjusted distribution of inflation seems to have settled at its ergodic state. There-
fore, and to allow for possible data concerns, we take the average of these five annual
distributions and use that alone for estimation, making our approach more robust to the
presence of measurement noise. Using the adjustments discussed in Section 4.2 provides
an estimate of q(π5,6) ≈ ... ≈ q(π9,10).
4.3.2 A model of inflation persistence
Since the data are for risk-neutral inflation, the model of dynamics is for risk-neutral
inflation as well. We assume that inflation is the sum of three parts: a deterministic part,
which has been constant at the inflation target during our sample ¯π; a stochastic one
capturing the ups and downs during normal timesε; and a stochastic one capturing sharp
jumps during disasters, which may be positive dh or negative dl. Altogether, ∆ represents
a time period:
πt+∆ = ¯π + εt+∆ + dh
t+∆ − dl
t+∆. (12)
15These data were used to estimate general stochastic processes for inflation in Hilscher, Raviv and Reis
(2022), and are described there in detail, as well as in the Internet Appendix.
22

===PAGE 24===
We assume that dh
t and dl
t are two independent common disasters that arrive as Pois-
son processes. We then make two major assumptions onεt. First, that the variance of εt is
small relative to the size of the disaster jumps, so that inflation enters the disaster range
only as a result of a disaster, or if inflation in the previous year was just below disaster
levels. Second, assume that if ∆ were infinitesimally small, then εt would approximately
follow a mean-reverting Ito process with continuous sample paths in time. The result
of these two assumptions is that inflation follows a first-order Markov process with a
particular set of restrictions on the transition matrix.16
Because strike prices for inflation options come in jumps of 0.5%, our data comes in
8 bins: π(i) = {≤ − 1, (−1, 0], (0, 1], (1, 2], (2, 3], (3, 4], (4, 5], > 5}. A discrete approxima-
tion of this process is a Markov chain over 8 states corresponding to these bins with an
8 × 8 Markov transition matrix P:
P =


1 − 5pl pl pl pl pl pl 0 0
pdl + pnn pml pmr 0 0 0 0 0
pdl pnn pm pmr 0 0 0 pdh
pdl 0 pnn pn pnn 0 0 pdh
pdl 0 0 pnn pn pnn 0 pdh
pdl 0 0 0 pmr pm pnn pdh
0 0 0 0 0 pmr pmh pdh + pnn
0 0 ph ph ph ph ph 1 − 5ph


. (13)
Starting with the low-inflation disaster state in the first row, the economy exits it with
probability 5 pl, which should be close to 1 to match the Poisson assumption on disas-
ters. When the disaster disappears, the economy will return to any one of the normal
16Mertens and Williams (2021) compute forward distributions under the much stronger assumption that
inflation follows a Gaussian random walk.
23

===PAGE 25===
(nondisaster) values, though not to the state opposite and closest to the other disaster.
We assume that they are equally likely reflecting the first-order Markov assumption that
where it was before the disaster would not affect where it ends up now. Symmetrically,
the same arguments explain the 8th row referring to the high-inflation disaster.
Turning to when inflation is close to 2%, in the third and fourth row, it may move up or
down according to its normal process symmetrically with probability pnn. This captures
the normal inflation dynamics. Inflation may be hit by the high-inflation disaster with
probability pdh, or with the low-inflation disaster with probability pdl.
Finally, in the 2nd and 3rd (and 6th and 7th) rows, a final ingredient appears, as there
is mean reversion in the normal inflation component. The probability of staying close
to the target is pn, and the probability of staying above (or below) the target is pm.17 The
probability of reverting towards target ispmr, which in the data we find to be much higher
than the probability of staying at that level.18
4.3.3 Estimating the model
There are six parameters to estimate: the probabilities of entering a high and low disaster
pdh and pdl; the probabilities of exiting the disaster pd, pl; the probability of normal infla-
tion moving, pnn, which captures the local volatility of inflation; and the probability of
elevated or low normal inflation moving back to the target, capturing mean-reversion in
normal inflation pmr. Given a set of parameters, we simulate many paths to calculate the
probability distributions for inflation at the different horizons.
The data consist of 21 numbers per month, 7 for each of the 3 distributions: the cu-
mulative distributions q(π0,5) and q(π0,10), and the average forward distribution q(π5,6).
17Note that pn and pm are equal to combinations of the other parameters: pn = 1 − 2pnn − pdl − pdh.
Similarly, pm = 1 − pnH − pnn − pmr − pnL.
18For completeness, and again because probabilities have to add up to 1 within rows: pml = 1 − pdl −
pnn − pmr and pmh = 1 − pdh − pnn − pmr .
24

===PAGE 26===
These are the moments that the model must hit, in a GMM procedure that assigns them
equal weight. The overall fit, which we report in the Internet Appendix, is quite good.
In principle, we could estimate the model separately at each month, and recover pa-
rameters that are specific to each date. For parsimony, instead, we kept three of the pa-
rameters fixed over the whole sample, while letting the other three vary across months.
We estimated several other candidate models, including models where four of the pa-
rameters vary over time, and where all six did so, as well as one where some parameters
move at an annual frequency while others move at a monthly frequency. The Internet
Appendix discusses these models, why our results are robust to this choice, and why the
parsimonious setup is preferable.
The first constant parameter is pmr, which captures the extent of mean reversion. For
the United States, the estimate is 0.50, while for the eurozone it is 0.47, capturing the
strong sluggishness of inflation. The other two are the exit probabilities for disasters,
pl, ph. The estimates are almost exactly the same for the United States (0.1990 and 0.1998),
implying that, as soon as the United States enters a disaster state, it leaves it with a prob-
ability of 5 × 0.199 ≈ 1 shortly after. For the eurozone, instead they are 0.1999 and 0.0617,
so that a high-inflation disaster is perceived to persist for more than 1 year in the eurozone
with a probability of 69%.
The three time-varying parameters are the probabilities of entering a disaster, the main
focus of our interest, and pnn, which captures local volatility and captures the changes in
inflation volatility over the sample. Figure 2 shows their estimates over time. The decline
in pnn for the United States since the start of the decade captures a fall in the perceived
volatility of inflation, although since the pandemic that trend has reverted. Independently
of this, the probability of jumping to a low-inflation disaster was high at the start, but
became quite low after mid-2012, although with a significant jump in 2020. More erratic
is the pattern in the probability of jumping to a high-inflation disaster. It significantly
25

===PAGE 27===
Figure 2: Inflation dynamics: Model parameter estimates
United States Eurozone
0.05.1.15.2.25.3.35.4Probability2011m12013m12015m12017m12019m12021m12023m12025m1Monthpdlpdhpnn
0.05.1.15.2.25.3.35.4Probability2011m12013m12015m12017m12019m12021m12023m12025m1Monthpdlpdhpnn
The figure plots time-varying Markov model transition probabilities estimates for the United States and
eurozone. We plot the probabilities of moving to a high or low inflation disaster and normal inflation
moving.
declines after 2015, but, since the start of the pandemic, it has risen significantly.
For the eurozone, there is a similar decline in the stochastic volatility of inflation
throughout the decade, and a similar uptick since the pandemic. However, the probability
of a deflation disaster hitting the economy is higher than in the United States throughout
the sample, and varies significantly, including a significant rise during the pandemic. The
probability of a high inflation disaster stays small throughout, but rises at the very end of
the sample.
4.4 Risk adjustment: Physical probabilities
If the Phillips curve was vertical at the long horizons that we consider, inflation would
be uncorrelated with marginal utility. Therefore, m(π) would be a constant, equal to the
inverse of the real interest rate, and the risk-neutral probabilities would be equal to the
actual probabilities.19 However, it seems likely that inflation disasters are times where
19Note that people may still be arbitrarily risk averse: the stochastic discount factor may still be volatile
over all the states and there is plenty of risk in the economy. But, all of it would be orthogonal to inflation:
26

===PAGE 28===
marginal utility is high. Deflation and high inflation sometimes, even if not always, come
at the same time as economic recessions. If so, at the tail of the distribution, m(π) is high,
in which case risk-neutral probabilities will over-state the actual physical-measure prob-
abilities of disasters, because these events are particularly costly to investors. Relative to
a full model of risk, however, we only need a model to price inflation risk at the tails.
4.4.1 A model of risk in inflation disasters
To model risk, we supplement our model of inflation dynamics with a model of how it
comoves with consumption ct:
πt+∆ = ¯π +
εt+∆
z }| {
uπ
t+∆ + et+∆ +dh
t+∆ − dl
t+∆, (14)
log(ct+∆) = log(ct) + g + uc
t+∆ + β0et+∆ − βhdh
t+∆ − βldl
t+∆. (15)
Consumption is expected to grow at rate g subject to some shocks uc
t+∆ that are in-
dependent of inflation shocks uπ
t+∆, but comoving in normal times due to the common
shock et. This may be driven by multiple shocks, and may be correlated over time, but
the parameter determining inflation risk premiums during normal times is the comove-
ment scalar β0.
Our focus is on dh
t , dl
t, the disasters that strike inflation, and which are nonzero with
probabilities ph, pl. (Consumption disasters that do not come with high or low inflation
do not trigger the options, so they are included inuπ
t+∆ and uc
t+∆, respectively.) The coeffi-
cient βh measures the size of the consumption drop when there is a high inflation disaster,
while the coefficient βl measures the size of the drop following a deflation disaster.
We follow and modify the approaches of Gabaix (2012) and Barro and Liao (2021) to
model the size of the disaster. Defining the inverse fall in consumption by zh = 1/(1 −
m(π) is constant.
27

===PAGE 29===
βhd), we assume that if a disaster strikes, then zh follows a Pareto distribution:
F(zh) = 1 −
 
zh
zh
0
!−αh
with zh ≥ zh
0 > 1, αh > 0. (16)
The Pareto distribution has two parameters. The first, zh
0 is the minimum size of the
jumps. The higher it is, the more average consumption falls during inflation disasters.
The second is the exponent αh capturing how quickly the tail of the distribution thins out.
The lower it is, the more likely is a very large consumption disaster. The same applies for
deflations, (zd, zd
0, αd).
4.4.2 Estimating the model
We combine data on annual output from Barro (2006) (using real GDP per capita, as it
did) with data on inflation from Jord `a, Schularick and Taylor (2016) between 1875 and
2015. The data set covers 18 advanced economies, listed in the Internet Appendix, and
we use it to identity periods where both inflation and output had disasters and estimate
the Pareto distribution as well as the comovement parameters.
Details of the estimation and alternative estimation approaches are reported in the
Internet Appendix. In the sample, the unconditional probability of an inflation disaster
(10 log points above or below target for 5 years) is 12.9%, and they overlap with output
disasters in 20.0% of the cases. Therefore, ˜p = 0.20. Separating high and low inflation
disasters, then ˜ph = 0.356 and ˜pd = 0.085. For the Pareto distribution, we estimate that
αh = 5.45 and zh
0 = 1.03 for high-inflation disasters and αl = 15.18, z0
d = 1.06 for deflation
disasters. That is, deflation disasters more rarely come with output disasters, and when
they do, the falls in output are on average higher, but with significantly thinner tails.
Given an estimated model of inflation-consumption disaster comovement, we follow
the standards of the rare-disasters literature (Gabaix 2012, Barro and Liao 2021) by using
28

===PAGE 30===
an Epstein-Zin model for marginal utility with a relative risk aversion coefficient of 3.
4.5 Assessing the uncertainty around the adjustments
Two of our adjustments—horizon and risk—required statistical estimates, so they come
with estimation uncertainty. For the risk adjustment, we estimated the parameters of
the Pareto distribution. A bootstrap over the inflation-output data provides confidence
bands. For the horizon adjustment, we estimated a statistical model using GMM. The co-
variance matrix of the parameter estimates has the standard GMM asymptotic formula.
Finally, the delta method translates these to estimates of the uncertainty around the prob-
ability of a disaster.
Figure 3 shows the 90% confidence band around the estimates of a high-inflation dis-
aster for the United States. On the left panel are confidence bands treating the horizon
adjustment as known, so only for the Pareto estimates for the risk adjustment. The right
panel zooms in on the more recent period to be clearer, and considers the estimation
uncertainty on horizon as well. The bands are relatively tight, between 1.5 and 2.5 per-
centage points in width in the more recent period. This shows that the estimation un-
certainty around our two adjustment factors is relatively minor (there is no estimation
needed when applying the inflation adjustment). More relevant is the time-series varia-
tion in the estimates, which is driven by changes in the market expectations reflected in
the options price data.
4.6 Using market data and liquidity
Empirical results always depend on data quality. In the case of price data, the common
concern is market liquidity. As always, this requires a brief discussion of the source of the
data to have the right care in using our estimates and interpreting our results.
29
